Inn Reach Training Outline Draft—Circulation training 

Overview: Diagram of the flow of materials (Emily)
Patrons:
 Place holds
	Search in local catalog first, then move to LILINK catalog. 
	Choose Home Library, then authenticate with (name and) barcode

Lending library:
Print Paging slips
Pull items
Check out in InnReach.  This is an Institutional check out.
The paging slip doubles as a Transit slip, so place it in the item, and place the item in the shipping box.

Borrowing library:
Receiving a LILINK item	
	-Check in with the rest of your ILLs—can be done with any circulation login, any initials
	-Hold slip will print
	-Place on Holdshelf
	-Notices work the same as usual, email notices will be queued for the next day, text notices will 	go out immediately, and you should call any patron that normally receives phone notifications.    
Checking out a LILINK Item
	In patron’s record, in the Check Out Tab, scan the item barcode. 
	Complete the patron’s transaction
	Due date receipt prints
		*Must go out on the card of the patron who requested the item
Renewing LILINK item
One renewal is allowed, patron can do this in their Patron Account, or you can renew in the Checked-Out tab 
Checking In a LILINK item
	Scan the item in the Check In screen
	A pop-up message will tell you where the item needs to go. 	
	Print a transit slip (auto?) 	
	Place in the shipping box. 

Clearing the LILINK Holdshelf
	Report
	Pull items
	Check in in the INNREACH mode
	Print transit slips
	Place in the shipping box.

Reports: 
Institutional Overdue Report	
For items that have been checked out to other libraries for longer than the Institutional Loan Period,
Paged too Long Report
	Items that have been paged from your library, but have not been sent or cancelled. 
Returned too long report
	Shows items your patron has returned, but that have not been checked in by the owning library
Requested Too Long Report
	Items that your patrons have requested, that have not been filled
In Transit too long Report
	These items have been sent to the lending library, but have not arrived at the lending library.
Received too long report
	These are items that have been waiting to be picked up for longer than () days.

